The emperor has been going to court during the day these days
Playing cards at night
sleepless
He was killing me.
Empress, you should go to bed
I can't stand the days of playing cards
He said he stayed up late every day to play cards with me
In fact, he is deliberately accompanying me to make me happy
This man is serious about me
So handsome
The king of a country again
dedicated and serious
There are not so many messy concubines who saw that I had an accident and went out of the palace to find me in person
If he's serious
This palace doesn't have to leave
What's going on in your little head?
I'm thinking that your emperor doesn't handle official business every day
Come to me every day to indulge in playing cards
do not do business properly
The recent border war has been unstable
One eye is indeed long
border gate
Is there going to be a war?
The plague of the common people has not been properly resolved
If the military is restless
We will lose.
I
Planning to go on a personal expedition
These are all things I have seen in the history books before